docs: fiducial markers guide (#482)
aica-technology/api: docs/core/examples/guides/marker-detection.md

---

> sidebar_position: 13

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_position: 14
```

title: Marker detection
---

import stagDetectorExample from './assets/stag-detector-example.png'
import stagMarkerDetection from './assets/stag-marker-detection.webm'

> # Marker detection

Reviewer: Both Aruco and STag are *Fiducial Markers*, I would prefer to name this guide like this and also refer to them as fiducial markers

> Different types of markers are used in robotics to provide precise 3D pose estimation and identification for cameras, enabling or improving robotic calibration and object manipulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different types of fiducial markers are used in robotics to provide precise 3D pose estimation and identification for cameras, enabling or improving robotic calibration and object manipulation.
```

> The AICA's `core-vision` package gives you the choice between using two of the most famous markers, the STag marker and the Aruco markers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AICA's `core-vision` package gives you the choice between using two commonly used markers, the STag and Aruco. 
```

Reviewer 2: Something off in the suggestion
